Update google_assistant_sdk.markdown (#29587)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/google_assistant_sdk.markdown

  - Routines don't work.
  - Broadcast doesn't work with IPv6.
  - Broadcast to specific rooms often doesn't work for non-English languages.

>   - Commands that need to verify your identity through voice match don't work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Commands that need to verify your identity through voice match do not work.
```
